Updating EntityUrl output object in urlResolvers query (#6812)
magento/devdocs: src/guides/v2.3/graphql/queries/url-resolver.md

  urlResolver(url: "joust-duffle-bag.html") {
    id
    relative_url
    redirectCode
    type

> 

Reviewer: Remove the blank line

`id` | Int | The ID assigned to the object associated with the specified `url`. This could be a product ID, category ID, or page ID.
`relative_url` | String | The internal relative URL. If the specified  `url` is a redirect, the query returns the redirected URL, not the original.
`type` | UrlRewriteEntityTypeEnum | The value of `UrlRewriteEntityTypeEnum` is one of PRODUCT, CATEGORY, or CMS_PAGE.

> `redirectCode` | Int | 301 or 302 HTTP code for url permanent or temporary redirect or 0 for the 200 no redirect.

Reviewer 2: Let's make this statement simpler.

```suggestion
`redirectCode` | Int | 301 or 302 HTTP status code for URL permanent or temporary redirect. Contains 0 when there's no redirect.
```
